[Service Bus] Renaming ListRequestOptions {top, skip} -> {maxCount, skip} (#9664)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

  [PR 9233](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9233)
  [PR 9284](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9284)

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: Can you merge #9703 and update this PR? I think you are using a different changelog format there

Author: Yup

> - `top` attribute of `ListRequestOptions` interface has been renamed to `maxCount`.
>   `options` argument of type `ListRequestOptions` is expected to be passed for the methods that deal with retrieving information of multiple entities, example - `getQueues`, `getQueuesRuntimeInfo`.
>   [PR 9664](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9664)

Reviewer: Typically, users will not be very familiar with the interface names especially if it is for input types, because when they write the code, they almost never have to even know about them.

```suggestion
- The property `top` in the options passed to any of the methods that get information for multiple entities like `getQueues` or `getQueuesRuntimeInfo` is renamed to `maxCount` [PR 9664](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9664)
```

  [PR 9284](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9284)
- Bug - Messages scheduled in parallel with the `scheduleMessage` method have the same sequence number in response.
  Fixed in [PR 9503](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9503)

> - Management api updates (Includes breaking changes)

Author: Is this fine or do I need to include `### Breaking Changes` section?

Author: @ramya-rao-a
